So regarding the spacing on the image picker component I'll simply add a little bit of margin bottom
here of 15 to add a spacing between this image picker component and everything else in the form but
the more important thing of course is that we kind of passed his picked image on to our our place our
new place screen right because that's where we need to image in the end I don't just need it here as
a preview I also needed in that our screen.
Well for Dad we can go to our take image handler and when we set this as a preview of course we can
also reach out to our props and assume that we get a let's say on image taken prop which should point
at a function which we define in the new place screen which we can now execute and to that function
I forward my image you are I as well so I don't just thought it here internally to have a preview.
I also forwarded to debt to the parent component so to say and that should be on image taken.
So all we need to do for this to work is we need to go to the new place screen and add this on image
taken prop here on the image picker.
And now this should point at a function which is executed by the image picker.
Once we did pick our image.
So of course here I also want to store that value so I'll add another state here and that's the image
value or just image and set image.
Maybe these selected image and set selected Image Name is up to you which initially is now lower simply
undefined like this.
And now we can add a new function for this.
The image taken handler here which receives the image payoff in the end right.
That's what we forward from the image picture of when we call this function.
And here we then set the selected image to the image path we're getting as our argument and the image
taken handler is now what we pass into the image picture here with the help of the on image taken prop.
And this is how we communicate between the image picker and the new place screen when we now click these
safe button and therefore the safe place handler gets executed when we dispatched his ad place action.
I now want to forward the selected image.
So this state constant here of course for that we need to tweak the ad plays action creator a bit right
now it only expects a title it should not always expect to image and also ad does here to our place
data and in the reducer.
I now want to add the image to the place which is getting created but important right now our play small
expects no image.
So it's time to change that as well.
Ad image you are LDA or maybe image you are I to be precise because it's local and then have this image
you are I said equal to image you or I were getting here and now with this adjusted back in the places
reducer we now get this extra image data in our action and we need to pass this on to the new place
constructor so here action plays state DOT image is what I want to forward.
So that's the new argument added to the place constructor and action place data image of course refers
to the image we're setting here in our action object so that the image is actually getting added to
the place which is created.
And with that into place list screen where we output the place item we can now feed some data into the
image and that would be item data dot item dot image you are L image you are L because item data dot
item refers to a single place which is created as defined in our place model and there we have image
you are I and therefore of course here it should be image you are I not you are L but that's the important.
It's not just image it's image you or I.
Because here we're referring to a place object following our place model if we now save that and have
a look.
This should actually work and should allow us to add images which we also see in our place list.
So here if I click take image and I take this dummy image here like this crop this and then also add
a title here and click safe place.
This doesn't look too bad we see our image here.
Now one thing is important to understand.
Thus far we're only storing this image in the default path we get out of the box which is this temporary
path and that's of course not where we want to have it stored because as I mentioned this will be cleared
periodically and therefore eventually we'll lose our image which of course is not the goal here.